[DOCS-9479] Set up SDS for Cloud Storage (#27589)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/sensitive_data_scanner/setup/cloud_storage.md

When an Agentless scanner finds a match with any of the [SDS library rules][2], the rule type and location of the match is sent to Datadog by the scanning instance. **Note**: Cloud storage resources and their files are only read in your environment - no sensitive data that was scanned is sent back to Datadog.

In the Sensitive Data Scanner [Summary page][3], you can see what cloud storage resources have been scanned and any matches found, including the rules that matched it.

This document walks you through:
- [Enabling Remote Configuration](#enable-remote-configuration) to use Sensitive Data Scanner for Cloud Storage
- [Security considerations](#security-considerations) to take into account when using Sensitive Data Scanner for Cloud Storage
- Deploying scanners to your environment using [Terraform](#manually-deploy-scanners-using-terraform) or [CloudFormation](#automatically-deploy-scanners-using-cloudformation)

## Enable Remote Configuration {#enable-remote-configuration}

To use Sensitive Data Scanner in your AWS environments, you need to:

> 1. Enable Remote Configuration. Remote Configuration allows Datadog to send information to scanners, such as which cloud storage resources should be scanned. See [Enabling Remote Configuration][4] for instructions on how to set up Remote Configuration.

Author: Also want to check with @PronoyC about changing the header to `Prerequisites`.

> 1. Enable Remote Configuration. Remote Configuration allows Datadog to send information to scanners, such as which cloud storage resources should be scanned. See [Enabling Remote Configuration][4] for instructions on how to set up Remote Configuration.

Reviewer: You could if you want to, but I think the header as-is is informative and makes sense. I think the lower-effort solution I would suggest would just be changing the link text to something like "See our Remote Configuration setup instructions..." so it doesn't exactly match the current section but still gives the user a clear indication of what they'll be clicking on.

> 1. Enable Remote Configuration. Remote Configuration allows Datadog to send information to scanners, such as which cloud storage resources should be scanned. See [Enabling Remote Configuration][4] for instructions on how to set up Remote Configuration.

Author: Ahh okay, thanks! So this?

```suggestion
1. Enable Remote Configuration. Remote Configuration allows Datadog to send information to scanners, such as which cloud storage resources should be scanned. See the [Remote Configuration setup instructions][4].
```

> 1. Enable Remote Configuration. Remote Configuration allows Datadog to send information to scanners, such as which cloud storage resources should be scanned. See [Enabling Remote Configuration][4] for instructions on how to set up Remote Configuration.

Reviewer: Yeah I'm good with that! I think it's just different enough from the heading on this page to understand that this one is a general action ("here's what you need to do"), but the link is going to specific step-by-step instructions ("here's how to do it"), if that makes sense.

> 1. Enable Remote Configuration. Remote Configuration allows Datadog to send information to scanners, such as which cloud storage resources should be scanned. See [Enabling Remote Configuration][4] for instructions on how to set up Remote Configuration.

Author: Yep, that makes sense!

1. Use Remote-Configuration-enabled Datadog API keys for AWS accounts with scanners deployed to them. You need to manually enable Remote Configuration for the API keys you want to use for Agentless Scanning. See [Enable Remote Configuration on the API key][5] for instructions.

**Notes**:
- Only AWS accounts that have scanners deployed to them need Remote-Configuration-enabled Datadog API keys.

> - Only admins have permissions to enable Remote Configuration for individual API keys.

Author: @janine-c had to update this:
```suggestion
- Only admins with `org_management` permissions can enable Remote Configuration for individual API keys. After Remote Configuration has been enabled, only users with `api_keys_write` permission can enable Remote Configuration for individual API keys.
```

## Security considerations {#security-considerations}

Because the scanner instances are potentially granted access to sensitive data, Datadog recommends restricting access to these instances solely to administrative users.

To further mitigate this risk, Datadog implements the following security measures:

- The Datadog scanner operates within your infrastructure, ensuring that all data, including sensitive data results, remain isolated and secure.
- All data transmission between the scanner and Datadog is encrypted using industry standard protocols (such as HTTPS) to ensure data confidentiality and integrity.

> - The Datadog scanner operates under the principle of least privilege. This means that it is granted only the minimum permissions necessary to perform its intended functions effectively.

Reviewer: (Just noticed the username went a little funky - I think this should be @PronoyC!)

> - The Datadog scanner operates under the principle of least privilege. This means that it is granted only the minimum permissions necessary to perform its intended functions effectively.

Author: Chatted with Pronoy and he's good with combining the two. @janine-c what do you think of this? 

```suggestion
- Datadog carefully reviews and limits the permissions needed by the scanner to ensure that it can conduct scans without unnecessary access. This means the scanner operates under the principle of least privilege and is granted only the minimum permissions necessary to perform effectively. 
```

> - The Datadog scanner operates under the principle of least privilege. This means that it is granted only the minimum permissions necessary to perform its intended functions effectively.

Reviewer: Fantastic!! I think your rephrased version does a great job of stating Datadog's intent and the different ways we ensure that intent is met. It's kind of a writing trick to subtly reinforce our credibility 🥷

> - Datadog carefully reviews and limits the permissions needed by the scanner to ensure that it can conduct scans without unnecessary access.

Author: ```suggestion
```

- [Automatically deploy using CloudFormation](#automatically-deploy-scanners-using-cloudformation)
- [Manually deploy using Terraform](#manually-deploy-scanners-using-terraform)

### Automatically deploy scanners using CloudFormation {#automatically-deploy-scanners-using-cloudformation}

When you deploy Agentless scanners using CloudFormation, a single scanner is created per account and scans across all of its regions. You set the region that the scanner is deployed on.

You can add a scanner to a new AWS account or an existing AWS account.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "New AWS account" %}}

1. Navigate to [Sensitive Data Scanner][1] settings page.
1. In the **Cloud Settings** section within **Storage**, click **Add AWS accounts by following these steps**.
1. Leave **Automatically using CloudFormation** enabled.
1. Select the AWS region in the dropdown menu.
1. Select an API key that is already configured for Remote Configuration. If the API key you select does not have Remote Configuration enabled, Remote Configuration is automatically enabled for that key upon selection.
1. If you want to send AWS logs to Datadog, leave **Yes** selected.

> 1. Optionally, select **Yes** if you want to use Datadog Cloud Security Management.

Reviewer: I think that would be fine! I think it's probably okay either way; it just felt a little odd to call this particular step out as optional. If it's just like any other step, I think removing "Optionally" is a good way to handle it.

1. **Enable Sensitive Data Scanner** is automatically selected by default. This tells CloudFormation to add the AWS Managed SecurityAudit policy to your Datadog AWS Integration role and enable Agentless Scanning to start scanning your cloud data stores.
1. Click **Launch CloudFormation Template**.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/sensitive-data-scanner/configuration/data-security

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Existing AWS account" %}}

1. Navigate to [Sensitive Data Scanner][1] settings page.
1. In the AWS section within **Storage**:
    - If you have Agentless scanning already enabled in an account:
      1. Click the pencil icon for the account.
      1. Toggle the **Enable Sensitive Data Scanning** to add the scanner to the account.
      1. Click **Save**.
    - If you don't have Agentless scanning enabled in an account:
      1. Click on the plus icon for the account you want to enable sensitive data scanning.
      1. Select that you want to add the scanner using CloudFormation.
      1. Select the AWS region in the dropdown menu,

>       1. Select an API key that is already configured for Remote Configuration. If the API key you select does not have Remote Configuration enabled, Remote Configuration is automatically enabled for that key upon selection.

Reviewer: Higher up on the page, it says "Only admins have permissions to enable Remote Configuration for individual API keys." I'm curious if this would still happen if the user following these steps wasn't an admin. Maybe they wouldn't be able to get this far in the process in the first place?

Author: @janine-c I chatted with Pronoy and we need to update to:

```suggestion
      1. Select an API key that is already configured for Remote Configuration. If the API key you select does not have Remote Configuration enabled, Remote Configuration is automatically enabled for that key upon selection. **Note**: Only users with `api_keys_write` permissions can enable Remote Configuration for individual API keys.
```

Reviewer: Beautiful!

Reviewer: Oop - did this one get missed before merging?

Author: Wow, I need to know how you are able to keep track of all of this, cuz I'm clearly having a hard time 😄 I've added it to the parent PR: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/27159/files#r1964198776

Author: Here's the commit: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/27159/commits/725b5a3155348e8c7f7ddb4673a5dfe3a1362eeb

Reviewer: It's a lot easier as a reviewer than the one actually doing all the hard work 😀 Thanks for doing that!

>       1. Toggle the **Enable Sensitive Data Scanning** to add the scanner to the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Toggle **Enable Sensitive Data Scanning** on to add the scanner to the account.
```

      1. Click **Launch CloudFormation Template**.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/sensitive-data-scanner/configuration/data-security

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Manually deploy scanners using Terraform {#manually-deploy-scanners-using-terraform}

> You can deploy Agentless scanners using the Terraform Module Datadog Agentless Scanner Module. See [Datadog Agentless Scanner Module][7] for more information. Datadog recommends that you choose one of these two setup options if you manually deploy scanners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy Agentless scanners using the [Terraform Module Datadog Agentless Scanner][7]. Datadog recommends that you choose one of these two setup options if you manually deploy scanners:
```

Reviewer: I think this is more concise, and doesn't repeat the word "module" as much? But do what is technically right here 🙂

- Create an AWS account dedicated to Agentless scanners. Deploy a scanner for every region that has cloud resources you want to scan.

{{< img src="/security/agentless_scanning/agentless_advanced_2.png" alt="Diagram of Agentless scanning showing the Agentless scanner is deployed in a central Cloud account" width="90%" >}}

- Deploy a scanner for every region that has cloud resources that you want to scan.

{{< img src="/security/agentless_scanning/agentless_quickstart_2.png" alt="Diagram of Agentless scanning showing the Agentless scanner is deployed in each Cloud account" width="90%" >}}

## Add scanning groups

> In the [Cloud Storage][6] settings page, the **Scanning Groups** section is read-only. All SDS library rules are applied within the scanning group.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to match the heading in that it doesn't instruct users how to add scanning groups. It sounds like it's not possible, if the section is read-only? I wonder if the heading above it is necessary, or if this can just stand alone as its own little detail.

Reviewer: That's perfect! The verb was the part that was tripping me up, but without it, it makes sense 🙂 The link is a great idea too!

## Cloud service provider cost

When using Agentless Scanning, there are additional costs for running scanners in your cloud environments.

To establish estimates on scanner costs, reach out to your [Datadog Customer Success Manager][8].

## Disable Agentless scanning

> 1. Navigate to [Sensitive Data Scanner][6] settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Sensitive Data Scanner][6] settings page.
```
